There's so, so common crimes that need to be aware of. Certainly, if you're
on a mixed crew ship, you've gotta watch out for sexual harassment
on just given the training. It's not going off to be walking the
deck and make sure you listening to she really awesome or leading
are being sued us off. You know, he's There are the females are profitable
going to you telling you all I was attacked in the wash S o r.
Number one is Are they coming up on or is revealed when they decide
to do such a Rosman survey? You know, suddenly long division, you
know, there were roses. Whoa, That's a problem. So sexual Rosman is
one thing You also need to watch out when you come back from deployment.
The ship crude wave mean assets for 468 old cousin, you know. Okay.
Hey, Just meeting members of the opposite sex that that comes into
play. Watch after you have resources available to you. When you're
coming back with deployment, state troopers would be flown out to
the Oliver on it breathes through all the ships, sit down, and we're
my people are driving game on sexual harassment training that just
needs to be forced. People know, Um uh, you don't have any ship because
there was some of these J someone before I do know that one of
the tricks of the trade was you know, all your bills walk zero numbers
on your pills, your own possession. So suddenly you see no missing
missing. It was just the Oh, now ours. So, um, that's pretty much
it. I would say the only other thing that you need to watch out for
these days. Markos, you can swap phones into any of financial systems
power, Just power. Just wanna follow my phone because going home.
Well, it hell I come back, you know? Use any power. Get it out of the
skin. You're a lot power there. Do not go into these many miles. Where
to?